all right I'm gonna go backstage I'll be
right back I'm gonna go check on Bailey
find that all right
in the very beginning when I started
working for opulence for you I was only
making five dollars an hour shampooing
blow drying and definitely doing a lot
of cleaning but the best thing that I
did for me was I learned from the best
starting at the bottom and working with
at the age of 17 I got the opportunity
leak the legendary makeup artist David
Starr
oh by the way it does have a smell
David Starr went on to teach me the
basics to understand a woman's face the
value of proper application of makeup
and the secret to be able to bring your
best baseboard when I first purchase
opulence for you salon it was a very
exciting time but at the same time it
was also very scary and all the great
ideas share with our customers but at
the same time we didn't have a lot of
money so we tried everything we filmed
many makeup tutorials welcome back my
name is Susanna and I want to thank all
of you for your wonderful feedback for
our first makeup tutorial we were
painting the walls it seems like every
single week and to make it look like we
were changing our environment and it was
really our true passion that kept us
going it's Monday v.i.c 16 and we're
here to do a remodel at auckland's she
tried many crazy ideas and I thought
that if I came up with $20,000 I would
be able to create a small brand that I
could share with the rest of the world
so that was the beginning of my search
one day I got the call that the worst
thing I could have ever imagined had
happened we had had a play we were on
our way to a class in Sacramento that
was going to teach it to grow and expand
our business so at this moment we had
two options we can either let the dream
fail and stop everything or keep it
going when I came back I definitely was
in for the surprise of all surprises my
business had been completely shut down
and the city had actually quarantined
and put a sign up that said no one could
work the walls were removed and it was
completely flooded at that time I had no
idea what I was going to do oh boo boo
cosmetic actually started right after
the flood Veronica Lee we had reached
out to a lot of customers and
and someone actually believed in my
dream one of my friends from New York
believed in me and he thought that I was
the perfect person for that and I was
very thankful that he gave us that
opportunity not only are we
revolutionized the way that makeup is
being done but we're also assuring in
what I believe a new time of beauty a
flawless beauty of page dude I just want
to say thank you guys very much for
being here
in the last two years and if we blew
cosmetics I've had a lot of fun we've
got an opportunity to do legally blonde
the musical which could showcase how
wonderful illegal cosmetic work on stage
we've had the opportunity to work on
television films and course every day
you this opportunity have given me the
dream to be able to create the best
luxury cosmetic to every single woman on
the face of this earth